alright guys these are new linear for
surface mount lights I got Rusty's
emergency lights their red clear I had
them up there on the back window up
there but they weren't too bright and
the one does something about hair on the
bumper
i melted them with these L brackets I'm
buddy bond with the fire department
nothing them right now the little bump
around the wire back Japanese tail light
the red and black ones all up in here I
didn't hide all these wires all that low
because I'm not sure how much longer my
head is cheap I'm thinking about getting
a truck here soon as you can see you got
two of them on the side show you what
they look like real quick my switch
rocks right here let it controls the
mini pencil up here on the dash also
turns on the looking for grill lights
very happy with those lights again I got
them from prestige emergency lights calm
for two of them I paid I think we're
shipping it was 87 28 so marrying up a
really good deal B controls the hard way
strobes
got over each side and here 60 watt
strobes or more stroeve's also got into
the reverse light see turns on the power
to the control box for the light bar
Jackie riser goes I heard back now this
light bar I did not buy it this the way
it came it was all red with just the
clear takedowns and a alleys and the guy
that I bought it from that work with
that fire department he went through and
was able to switch them around to get on
the flash and also move the light heads
around for me
that's a Vanguard 500 series night one
from stoves or more die trying to excuse
me beautiful Stockholm very nice setup
I think think I'm done with lights
probably gonna upgrade my siren here
pretty soon
man with
show y'all my sign here real quick I got
in here right now
this is the STL Omega 100 watts I'm
sorry no calm no the best out of the
world but it does the job if you're
looking for a cheap cider with sign
speaker I paid 147 I believe haven't
been on the website lately so I'm not
sure exactly how much they are now I did
have a PA mind I plugged in here but it
broke so don't have a PA the Lord I
wanted to plug in PA the cord stuck out
about that's all often every now and
then whenever I used to respond with the
other department work for more hitting a
little plug and a broke so it stuck down
in there but never works in a little bit
push this down you got the air horn pop
push it up and it's a male tone of the
whale yeah whoa you're shallow that's it
Ivano shop they appreciate it and we go